README.md, before:

[devopera](http://devopera.com)-[dopython](http://devopera.com/module/dopython)
==============

Python and mod_wsgi

Changlog
--------

2015-05-06

  * Updated from 2.7.6 to 2.7.9

2014-12-30

  * Added Ubuntu 14.04 support

2014-02-20

  * Adapted to python.org change, downloads now .tgz

Usage
-----

Operating System support
------------------------

Tested with CentOS 6, Ubuntu 12.04, Ubuntu 14.04

Copyright and License
---------------------

Copyright (C) 2012 Lightenna Ltd

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

Commit message:

introduced version_python_package to cope with RHEL new package naming

README.md, after:

[devopera](http://devopera.com)-[dopython](http://devopera.com/module/dopython)
==============

Python and mod_wsgi

Changlog
--------

2019-11-26

  * Fixed for new RHEL package naming

2015-05-06

  * Updated from 2.7.6 to 2.7.9

2014-12-30

  * Added Ubuntu 14.04 support

2014-02-20

  * Adapted to python.org change, downloads now .tgz

Usage
-----

Operating System support
------------------------

Tested with CentOS 6/7, Ubuntu 12.04/14.04

Copyright and License
---------------------

Copyright (C) 2012 Lightenna Ltd

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
